How could you do this to me?
I like you so much and you are engaged to Ye Zhen
This thing
I'll explain it to you later.
I also want me, I also choose Miss Ye
He has been chasing you for so many years
Good family background and good figure
Unlike me
It's just a superhero who comes down from the mountain
Of course I'm not worthy of your dignified Master Shen
Miss Su, things are not what you think
What is that?
Shen Jie married Ye Zhen
Is there a reason? Could there be a reason?
The ring that Shen Changzong took
Is it your mother's?
This dog thing made me almost misunderstand Mr. Shen
Mr. Shen, don't worry
I'm going to practice now to help you find your mother
In this way, you will not be in danger by Shen Changzong in the future
Didn't you say you couldn't find it last time?
Didn't you charge it last time?
Mother and child heart
I will definitely help you find your mother this time.
I know where it is.